Format README (#4)
nixwiz/sensu-go-graphite-handler: README.md

pass through the event pipeline, allowing Sensu to deliver the metrics to the configured metric event handlers. This Graphite handler will allow you to store, instrument, and visualize the metric data from Sensu.

## Files

N/A

## Usage examples

### Help

```
Usage:
  sensu-go-graphite-handler [flags]

Flags:
  -h, --help            help for sensu-go-graphite-handler
  -H, --host string     The hostname or address of the graphite server (default "localhost")
  -n, --no-prefix       Do not include *any* prefixes, use the bare metrics.point.name
  -p, --port uint       The port number to which to connect on the graphite server (default 2003)
  -P, --prefix string   The prefix to use in graphite for these metrics (default "sensu")
```

## Configuration
### Sensu Go
#### Asset registration

Assets are the best way to make use of this plugin. If you're not using an asset, please consider doing so! If you're using sensuctl 5.13 or later, you can use the following command to add the asset: 

`sensuctl asset add nixwiz/sensu-go-graphite-handler`

> If you're using an earlier version of sensuctl, you can download the asset definition from [this project's Bonsai asset index page](https://bonsai.sensu.io/assets/nixwiz/sensu-go-graphite-handler) or [releases][4] or create an executable script from this source.

Author: ```suggestion
If you're using an earlier version of sensuctl, you can download the asset definition from [this project's Bonsai asset index page][5] or [releases][4] or create an executable script from this source.
```
